Tarsi Daleks, happy New Year from Holy Land of India. And we arrived safely in the beautiful and
this incredible India.
And I wish you all my best wishes. Healthy, happy, joy, peace, lot of performance, with courage and
commitment, confidence.
In the samsara we have always challenged difficulty and so therefore we need lot of courage,
confidence, same time, with very very beautiful compassion.
And we really wish everyone have those beautiful qualities to everyone, everyone. And I pray for
that reason.
And so all will become very beautiful and very nice and peaceful and so everyone will be enjoying
the happiest and we will do prayers.
Our prayer is one of the best things we can do. And join our prayer with the old Buddha Dharmasand
as and then we pray, it will make some change in all.
So we will do the prayer and we wish for that and again I'm going to pray.
Tarsi Daleks, lot of Tarsi Daleks, Tibetan Royal Era. Tarsi Daleks. Thank you.